MOROHA: Look!
That eyeball thing
on top of the tower
is sleeping on the job!
Now's my chance to get
my bow and arrows back
from Shogen Mamiana!
[both yelling]
‐ Where am I?
‐ [Zero laughs]
‐ [gasps]
Zero!
‐ [laughs]
Without your demon power,
you're easy prey
for my illusion spell.
NANAHOSHI:
The sorrow in her eyes
is subtle, but intense.
‐ A grieving heart
and tears of distress.
What a feast.
Enjoy your meal,
Lord Nanahoshi.
[both laughing]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Battle on the New Moon,
Part 2."
‐ [sighing]
JAKEN: Oh, no.
The silver scales
have spread fast.
‐ [grunts]
[moans]
Lord Sesshomaru...
I wish to see my girls...
with my own eyes...
one last time.
[footsteps splashing]
Lord Sesshomaru.
Towa is crying.
[footsteps splashing]
[footsteps shuffling]
‐ Tonight is the New Moon.
Which means that Towa and
Setsuna's demon powers are gone.
[dog barking]
[breathing softly]
‐ [jabbering]
[footsteps rumbling]
[tense music playing]
‐ Sesshomaru's daughter...
they say that revenge is a dish
that's best served cold. Heh.
‐ [laughs]
Behold!
‐ [gasps]
‐ This is a piece of the finest
aromatic wood in the world,
the Mini Galaxy.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What are you doing?!
[gasping]
‐ It's called an eternity bug.
It will suck out and collect
all your pain and suffering
and infuse it
in the Mini Galaxy,
which will then release
a splendid fragrance
for me to enjoy.
[laughs]
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
[insects chirping]
‐ Huh?
‐ Eh?
‐ [babbling]
‐ Sir Shogen?
‐ [drunken] How goes it?
‐ All's well, sir!
‐ Good, because you know
that during the new moon,
the Full Moon Raccoon Dog's eye
is closed, right?
‐ Sir! We'll be sure
to keep our eyes open, sir!
‐ Excellent, 'cause at daybreak,
we're holding
Lord Kiku‐whoever's
coming‐of‐age ceremony,
and I want no intruders
interfering, understood?!
‐ BOTH: Yes, sir!
‐ [babbling]
‐ He sure seems
to be in a good mood.
‐ Well, yeah,
why wouldn't he be?
After tomorrow,
he'll be in complete control.
‐ Hey!
‐ Huh?
‐ SHOGEN: Stop your struggling!
‐ Damn it, Shogen!
Let me go, you evil fiend!
‐ Sir Shogen?
‐ Open the gates!
I've caught that intruder
who's working
with the traitor Takechiyo!
‐ [groans]
‐ Uh, well, um...
‐ Wait, did you let
somebody who looks like me
just pass by here?!
I ask because her wily companion
Hachiemon got away from me
and was running this way!
‐ Are you saying
that was Hachiemon just now?
‐ I think that's
what he's saying, yeah.
‐ Idiots!
You allowed him
into the castle?!
‐ Hah! You call yourself
raccoon dog demons,
and you let
one of your own kind
pull a fast one
like that on you?!
‐ [both yelp]
‐ [whistle blowing]
‐ Sound the alarm!
‐ [bell ringing]
We have an intruder!
‐ An intruder
has snuck into the castle!
Not only that, he's an imposter
who's disguised himself
as the head elder!
‐ [hums a tune] Huh?
‐ There he is! Get him!
‐ [yelling]
Get the imposter!
‐ Have you gone mad?!
What are you doing?!
Get your hands off me,
you fools!
‐ Quiet, Hachiemon!
‐ What?! Who?!
What are you talking about?!
TAKECHIYO: Hah!
They all fell for it.
HACHI: Yes,
we've accomplished our job.
Now it's up to Moroha.
[rustling]
‐ All right.
Boy, does it ever feel good
to get you guys back.
‐ KIKUNOSUKE: Who's there?
‐ Huh?
‐ Wait a minute.
You're that intruder
who escaped from the dungeon,
aren't you?
‐ Oh, it's you, Kikunosuke.
You scared me there
for a second.
‐ How fares my brother?
I hope he's doing well.
He has suffered much
and faced many hardships
due to my lack of courage.
I'm sure he despises me,
doesn't he?
‐ Takechiyo's in a tough
situation, that's for sure,
but I know
he doesn't blame you for it.
‐ Really? Oh, I wish
I could see him right now
to say I'm sorry
from the bottom of my heart.
‐ Well, what do you know?
The little brother's more
mature than the big brother.
‐ Will you take me
to my brother?
‐ You bet I‐‐
‐ You mustn't, Lord Kikunosuke.
Would you help those
who seek the destruction
of your own clan?
[Kikunosuke gasps]
Full Moon Raccoon Dog?
‐ Summon the guards and
have that girl taken prisoner.
‐ Give me a break!
You're the one trying to grab
control of the Mamidaira Clan
from the two brothers
who should be in charge of it!
‐ [laughing]
That won't work on me.
‐ Yeah, but why doesn't it?!
[energy surges]
‐ Did you really think
you could seal me away
with that puny level
of spirit power?
‐ [grunts] I can't move.
‐ [squawks]
[grunts]
‐ [gasps]
Hey, way to go, Takamaru!
Thanks!
‐ [squawks]
‐ Lord Kikunosuke, help me up!
Quickly! Help me up!
‐ I think it's better
if you stayed
just where you are for now.
‐ [squawks]
‐ Takamaru.
So you got me
a response from them, huh?
‐ [squawks]
‐ What the hell?
I can barely read
this handwriting.
"My dear,
most honorable Lady Moroha,
worthy daughter of the noble
Inuyasha and Lady Kagome,
whose feats have made them
legend far and near,
I have heard with pleasure
the many accounts
of your continued
growth and success.
As to your question
concerning the best way
to repel Shogen Mamiana's
secret technique,
the so‐called World Reversal‐‐"
Agh! Just get on
with it already!
‐ [door slides]
‐ You!
So you managed to sneak this far
into the castle, did you?
Get away from her and come here
at once, Lord Kikunosuke.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hey, are we sure
he's the real Shogen?
Who's to say that's
not Hachiemon in disguise?
‐ [guards murmur]
‐ Of course I'm me!
Stop talking nonsense!
Don't even think of falling
for that stupid trick!
‐ But, sir, we can't tell
what's a trick
and what's not a trick anymore!
‐ That's what I get
for surrounding myself
with complete idiots!
But no matter.
I'm quite capable
of dealing with you myself!
‐ Sorry, but I'm right in
the middle of reading a letter,
so I'm afraid
this'll have to wait.
But keep up the good work.
You almost got me believing
you're not Hachiemon.
‐ You know perfectly well
I'm not‐‐
Hey! Stop! Come back here!
Get after that big red kite
or whatever it is!
Lord Kikunosuke's
just been abducted!
Don't let them get away!
‐ [bell ringing]
‐ Yes, sir, at once!
After them, men!
‐ They mustn't get away!
The next leader of our clan
has been kidnapped!
‐ Shh.
‐ [ringing continues]
‐ [grunts]
MOROHA:
I'm counting on you, Takamaru.
[owl hooting]
All right, then,
let's finish it.
[snow beasts jabbering]
‐ [breathing softly]
[Yukinyudo laughs]
Can it be Sesshomaru's daughter
has such weak demon energy?
Eh?
‐ "If a demon shows up..."
SETSUNA: If a demon shows up
that is taller than two meters,
pull rope number one
hanging from the ceiling.
‐ So what do you think?
KOHAKU: Yup,
he's definitely tall enough.
‐ Who the hell are you?
‐ We're demon slayers.
‐ Demon slayers?
Were you guys hired
by the innkeeper here?
‐ Well, something like that.
‐ There.
‐ Huh?
What the...
Whoa!
‐ Rokuta! Nanasuke!
He's all yours!
‐ ROKUTA: Leave him to us!
‐ Huh?
[gasps]
‐ Ready, and...
‐ Fire away!
‐ [screams]
‐ [jabbering]
‐ Hisui, what's it say
about demons
that are 30 centimeters tall?
‐ According
to my calculations,
so long as they are
less than ten in number...
‐ It says you should
be able to take 'em out
with your sickle and chain.
‐ Well, I didn't need
any special instructions
to know that.
[all yell]
[all scream]
[growling]
HISUI: Uh‐oh.
Okay then, now what?
SETSUNA: The demons
may merge themselves
and grow into something
significantly larger.
If this happens...
‐ "Steps to take
if the demons merge
and grow significantly larger."
Found it.
Well, what do you know?
Says to use
my Hiraikotsu on them.
‐ [snarling]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
[all scream]
‐ Uncle, do you think it's
going to be like this all night?
‐ [panting]
[both groan]
‐ I'm back, you guys,
and now I'm mad!
‐ "If it comes back,
pull rope number two."
‐ Huh? [yelps]
You think I'm stupid?!
[screams]
What did I ever do to you?!
‐ Jeez, I'm amazed that Setsuna
can keep sleeping
with all this noise.
‐ [breathing softly]
‐ [shuddering]
‐ You can cry if you want, Towa.
In fact,
the more tears you shed,
the sooner your sorrow and pain
will be alleviated.
‐ [gasps]
I will never cry.
‐ How very impressive.
‐ Go on, Towa.
Let your tears flow.
Scream as loud as you can.
Let it out.
Release all the rage and hate
you've kept hidden
in your heart for so long.
‐ [winces]
Go ahead. Do your worst.
You're never
gonna get me to cry!
KIKUNOSUKE:
So what's the plan now?
‐ I'm betting
the real Full Moon Raccoon Dog
is up there in that tower.
The voice that came
from behind that screen,
that was just Shogen Mamiana
playing a part.
‐ So why did he say
your spirit powers won't work?
‐ 'Cause they won't work
against a simple painted screen.
But the fact is, he must feel
at least a little threatened
by my spirit powers,
or else he wouldn't have tried
to pull off a bluff like that.
‐ Oh, I see.
‐ Here is the proof!
He's been embezzling your taxes!
TAKECHIYO:
Shogen Mamiana is a crook!
He's been deceiving you!
‐ Together, we can bring
his corrupt reign to an end
and throw the tyrant out!
Are you with me?!
ALL: Yeah!
KIKUNOSUKE:
I envy my older brother,
that he could find
someone as wonderful as you
willing to be his ally.
I don't inspire
that kind of loyalty.
You can see the terrible state
our clan's in,
and it's all due to my weakness.
‐ Hey, it's not easy
being a young lord
or a kid brother
for that matter.
[dramatic music playing]
‐ [grunts]
Oh!
‐ So that's the thing
my mom sealed away, huh?
‐ Yes, but I was taught
that the Full Moon Raccoon Dog
is our guardian spirit.
‐ He's not much of one.
What kind of guardian spirit
lets himself be used
by a a thieving sack of shit
like Shogen Mamiana?!
‐ Uh, Moroha?
[bowstring creaking]
‐ My mom showed you
a lot more mercy than I will!
This is no Arrow of Sealing.
This arrow will purify you
once and for all!
‐ [roars]
‐ [whimpers]
Eat this!
‐ [groans]
[growling]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [murmurs]
[screams]
Kikunosuke! [winces]
[Takechiyo grunts]
You okay, Little Bro?
‐ Big Brother!
‐ Hold on tight now, 'kay?
[Hachi grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I got you!
‐ You better be the real Hachi
and not Shogen in disguise.
‐ Very funny, Miss Moroha.
[rumbling]
[Moroha gasps]
‐ You cursed brat,
you've ruined everything
with your meddling.
‐ Well...
I don't want you
going away angry,
so why don't we
finish this here and now?
‐ With great pleasure.
It was your father, Inuyasha,
who gave me this scar,
but I'll take
my vengeance out on you!
[growls]
‐ Takechiyo...
‐ Eh?
‐ I need you to stand
right where you are.
Hold these letters up
high enough that I can read 'em.
‐ Huh?! W‐Wait! Why me?!
‐ Because this fight
is about your clan!
Be brave and stand your ground.
Show your people that you
deserve to be their young lord.
‐ [groans]
All right, I'll do it.
‐ Besides...
I can't think of anyone else
I'd rather have
watching my back.
‐ [gasps] Moroha!
You can count on me!
‐ All right!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [laughs]
Women of White Mist,
go work your charms
on that Crimson Dragon.
[women laughing]
[dragon roars]
‐ That's just what I wanted!
Try this on for size!
Crimson...
Backlash Wave!
[dragon roars]
I countered with my Backlash
Wave at its slowest speed.
Hope this works.
‐ What a fool you are.
You still haven't learned,
have you?
World Reversal!
[dragon roars]
‐ Okay, let's see.
I put my wrists together,
and...
‐ What are you doing Moroha?!
Hurry up!
‐ Why isn't anything happening?
‐ [wails]
This is bad!
[dragon roars]
‐ Run, Brother! Run!
You too, Miss Moroha!
‐ Come on, Moroha!
You can do this!
‐ Oh, I see!
We have to say it together!
BOTH: World Reversal Reversal!
‐ Impossible!
The same technique
that monk used back then!
Where did the brat learn that?!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ [groans]
[screaming]
[birds chirping]
‐ [sighs]
We did it.
‐ Brother...
you're all right?
‐ Yeah, but that
was a close one.
‐ Wait.
Doesn't that painting
look different?
‐ It appears the Full Moon
Raccoon Dog has been purified
and released from the spell
Shogen Mamiana cast on him.
Now he is the guardian spirit
of our clan once again.
It's all thanks to you,
Lady Moroha.
Your mother would be very proud.
‐ Thank you, Lady Moroha.
The Mamidaira Clan
owes you a debt of gratitude.
‐ Uh, sure.
Guess I was pretty awesome.
‐ Yes, you were,
and thank you for that.
[laughter]
‐ Good luck, Takechiyo.
I know you'll be
an awesome leader for your clan.
‐ What do you mean?
‐ Who said I'm doing that?
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh? Hang on.
Then what the heck
did we just go through
all this trouble for?
‐ I know, I know,
but it's way more fun
working for the corpse dealer,
I decided.
‐ Yeah, okay, but even
if that were true...
‐ Kikunosuke,
you can lead the clan!
‐ B‐But you're
the rightful heir!
‐ [laughs]
I've realized this castle
is too small
for someone of my caliber,
so I'm gonna keep on
collecting my bounties
as I reach for a higher dream!
‐ Well said!
Just what I'd expect
from someone who chose me
to be his bodyguard.
‐ [grumbles]
Yeah, you know what?
Let's take care of that
right now.
Now we're square.
That's your reward
of one ryou in gold dust.
It's what you needed
to pay off your whole debt
to Mr. Jyubei, isn't it?
‐ Keep it.
‐ [gasps]
Uh, Moroha?
‐ Hey, listen,
I have no intention
of quitting the bounty‐hunting
business, either.
And a little debt just makes
life exciting, so come on.
Let's go back to giving
that corpse dealer a hard time!
What do you say, huh?
‐ Huh? But I could never
take back this money I owed you.
That wouldn't be right.
‐ Well, then, give it away.
‐ [gasps] Yeah!
You take it, Kikunosuke.
You can use it as a refund
for everybody
who had their taxes stolen.
‐ It isn't much, though.
‐ Thanks, Brother, Lady Moroha.
‐ Well, let's go, Takechiyo!
‐ Okay! Aye, aye, cap'n!
BOTH: Thank you for everything!
‐ Ah, that's all right.
Take care! Bye now!
‐ [birds chirping]
‐ [sighs]
[stairs creaking]
[sighs]
‐ Oh, good morning.
‐ Hmm?
‐ That right there's
the demon you warned us about,
or what's left of him.
‐ I'm sorry, sir,
for causing so much trouble.
‐ Don't worry.
The locals were grateful.
All right, everyone, let's go.
Setsuna will protect us
on the road for a while.
You'll do that, right?
‐ Yes, sir.
Of course I will.
[water flowing]
‐ [screams]
[music playing]
[gasps]
You'll pay for this.
‐ Delicious. Delicious!
Such exquisite sorrow!
Such delectable suffering!
‐ Bring out your hatred.
Let it flow, Towa.
‐ I'll never forgive you.
You'll pay for this,
both of you!
I'll kill you!
[singing in Japanese]
[music playing]
TOWA: The Mini Galaxy,
the eternity bug,
the grief‐filled Silver Pearl,
Zero's true motive,
the scent of lavender...
and finally,
a place where I belong.
I was told that the name Towa
means "eternity," but why‐‐
why did my mother
give me that name?
Next time on Yashahime:
"A Place (Not) for Towa."
I'll never cry. Never!